=====================================
Round 1
Query 'taj mahal'

Result 1
Relevant: No
[
title=Taj Mahal - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
link=http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taj_Mahal
description=The Taj Mahal is a white marble mausoleum located on the southern bank of the Yamuna River in the Indian city of Agra. It was commissioned in 1632 by the Mughal ...

]


Result 2
Relevant: No
[
title=The Taj Mahal - Facts & Summary - HISTORY.com
link=http://www.history.com/topics/taj-mahal
description=Find out more about the history of The Taj Mahal, including videos, interesting articles, pictures, historical features and more. Get all the facts on HISTORY.com

]


Result 3
Relevant: No
[
title=Atlantic City New Jersey Casino Hotels | Trump Taj Mahal ...
link=http://www.trumptaj.com/
description=For five star Atlantic City Casino hotels, Trump Taj Mahal Casino Hotel offers restaurants, nightlife and a casino floor you can't resist. Explore our Atlantic City ...

]


Result 4
Relevant: No
[
title=Welcome To Official WebSite of Taj Mahal-U.P.Tourism
link=http://tajmahal.gov.in/
description=Official website by Department of Tourism, Government of Uttar Pradesh. Details about Taj Mahal, ticketing, tours, and tourist information.

]


Result 5
Relevant: No
[
title=Taj Mahal India
link=http://www.tajmahal.com/
description=Taj Mahal, Taj Mahal history, taj mahal location, pictures, information, taj mahal tours, tickets and packages. Taj Mahal India

]


Result 6
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Taj Mahal | Biography, Albums, & Streaming Radio | AllMusic
link=http://www.allmusic.com/artist/taj-mahal-mn0000790604
description=Find Taj Mahal bio, music, credits, awards, & streaming radio on AllMusic - A guitarist and singer/songwriter who took an…

]


Result 7
Relevant: Yes
[
title=An International Treasure - Taj Mahal
link=http://www.tajblues.com/
description=Official site includes news, tour schedule, discography, audio/video and pictures.

]


Result 8
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Taj Mahal — Free listening, videos, concerts, stats and ...
link=http://www.last.fm/music/Taj+Mahal
description=Taj Mahal (born Henry Saint Clair Fredericks in New York City on May 17, 1942) is an American Grammy Award-winning blues musician who incorporates elements of world ...

]


Result 9
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Amazon.com: Taj Mahal: Songs, Albums, Pictures, Bios
link=http://www.amazon.com/Taj-Mahal/e/B000APY7PY
description=Visit Amazon.com's Taj Mahal Store to shop for Taj Mahal albums (CD, MP3, Vinyl), concert tickets, and other Taj Mahal-related products (DVDs, Books, T-shirts). Also ...

]


Result 10
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Taj Mahal (musician) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
link=http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taj_Mahal_(musician)
description=Henry Saint Clair Fredericks (born May 17, 1942), who uses the stage name Taj Mahal, is an American blues musician. He often incorporates elements of world music into ...

]

Precision: 0.5
=====================================
Round 2
Query 'taj mahal albums musician'

Result 1
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Taj Mahal (musician) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
link=http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taj_Mahal_(musician)
description=Henry Saint Clair Fredericks (born May 17, 1942), who uses the stage name Taj Mahal, is an American blues musician. He often incorporates elements of world music into ...

]


Result 2
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Taj Mahal | Album Discography | AllMusic
link=http://www.allmusic.com/artist/taj-mahal-mn0000790604/discography
description=Find Taj Mahal discography, albums and singles on AllMusic

]


Result 3
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Amazon.com: Taj Mahal: Songs, Albums, Pictures, Bios
link=http://www.amazon.com/Taj-Mahal/e/B000APY7PY
description=Visit Amazon.com's Taj Mahal Store to shop for Taj Mahal albums (CD, MP3, Vinyl), concert tickets, and other Taj Mahal-related products (DVDs, Books, T-shirts). Also ...

]


Result 4
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Taj Mahal (musician) live albums
link=http://www.naturalgeographicmagazine.com/q/Taj_Mahal_(musician)_live_albums
description=The Real Thing (Taj Mahal album) The Real Thing is a 1971 live album by Taj Mahal. It was recorded on February 13, 1971 at the Fillmore East in New York City and ...

]


Result 5
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Taj Mahal Discography at Discogs
link=http://www.discogs.com/artist/15158-Taj-Mahal
description=Complete your Taj Mahal record collection. Discover Taj Mahal's full discography. Shop new and used Vinyl and CDs.

]


Result 6
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Discography - Taj Mahal
link=http://www.tajblues.com/discography/
description=Rhino Records’ Hippity Hop collection features hip-hop music for a younger audience. The album ... The latest in musical explorations for The Taj Mahal Trio ...

]


Result 7
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Taj Mahal | Listen and Stream Free Music, Albums, New ...
link=https://myspace.com/tajblues
description=Taj Mahal's profile including the latest music, albums, songs, music videos and more updates.

]


Result 8
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Taj Mahal - Dancing The Blues (CD, Album) at Discogs
link=http://www.discogs.com/Taj-Mahal-Dancing-The-Blues/release/7554815
description=Find a Taj Mahal - Dancing The Blues first pressing or reissue. Complete your Taj Mahal collection. Shop Vinyl and CDs.

]


Result 9
Relevant: Yes
[
title=Taj Mahal | Biography, Albums, & Streaming Radio | AllMusic
link=http://www.allmusic.com/artist/taj-mahal-mn0000790604
description=Find Taj Mahal bio, music, credits, awards, & streaming radio on AllMusic - A guitarist and singer/songwriter who took an…

]


Result 10
Relevant: Yes
[
title=TAJ MAHAL - Taj Mahal [Vinyl] - Amazon.com Music
link=http://www.amazon.com/Taj-Mahal-Vinyl-TAJ-MAHAL/dp/B000B6TR9I
description=It's hard to believe that 40 years have elapsed since Taj Mahal recorded his self-titled album. I can honestly say that Taj's debut album DID change my life because ...

]

Precision: 1.0
